[ECE] Clarify the steps of identifying the best ZK leader candidate (#1598)
elastic/docs-content: troubleshoot/deployments/cloud-enterprise/rebuilding-broken-zookeeper-quorum.md

## Determine the Zookeeper leader [ece_determine_the_zookeeper_leader] 

> If a Zookeeper quorum is broken, it's crucial to identify the best Zookeeper leader candidate to use for recovery before you start the recovery proces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Zookeeper quorum is broken, you need to identify the best Zookeeper leader candidate to use for recovery before you start the recovery process.
```

> Collect the following Essential Information (A) and (B) from **all ECE director hosts that have ZK containers running**. This includes any recently created or decommissioned hosts.  Then reach out to [Elastic Support](/troubleshoot/index.md#contact-us).

Reviewer: suggest making this a little more structured. "Essential Information (A) and (B)" doesn't really fit our tone - to ensure that EVERYTHING you need is collected (which I assume is your goal), I suggest approaching this as a list of things to gather before contacting support.

```suggestion
Collect the following information from all ECE director hosts that have ZK containers running, including any recently created or decommissioned hosts. After you have gathered the information, reach out to [Elastic Support](/troubleshoot/index.md#contact-us) to identify the best ZK leader candidate.

* [Output of file list and sizes of Zookeeper directories](#zk-file-list-sizes)
* [ECE diagnostics](#ece-diagnostics)
```

> Collect the following Essential Information (A) and (B) from **all ECE director hosts that have ZK containers running**. This includes any recently created or decommissioned hosts.  Then reach out to [Elastic Support](/troubleshoot/index.md#contact-us).

Reviewer: I'd like to see an explanation of why we need support to help with this - saw a couple of things listed in the linked issues around the risks of not identifying the right ZK leader that we might want to hint at here.

> **Essential Information (A) - Output of file list and sizes of Zookeeper directories**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Collect the output of file list and sizes of Zookeeper directories [zk-file-list-sizes]
```

```
# collect disk usage
find /mnt/data/elastic/*/services/zookeeper/data/ -print -exec du -hs {} \;
# collect file status
find /mnt/data/elastic/*/services/zookeeper/data/ -print -exec stat {} \;
```

> **Essential Information (B) - ECE Diagnostics**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Collect ECE diagnostics [ece-diagnostics]
```

> Follow [Run ECE diagnostics tool](run-ece-diagnostics-tool.md) to collect ECE diagnostics. 

Reviewer: we can leave the title empty and let v3 fill in the title for us (keeps it up to date always)

```suggestion
Follow [](run-ece-diagnostics-tool.md) to collect ECE diagnostics. 
```

> Make sure to use `--disableApiCalls` option, otherwise ECE diagnostics may fail to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to run the tool with the `--disableApiCalls` flag. Without this flag, ECE diagnostics might fail to run.
```

> ```bash
> # Command
> ./ece-diagnostics run --disableApiCalls

Reviewer: ````suggestion
**Command** 
```bash
./ece-diagnostics run --disableApiCalls
```
````

> # Sample response
> elastic@my-ece-director-host1:~$ ./ece-diagnostics run --disableApiCalls
> - Configuring ECE home folder
>     ✓ found /mnt/data/elastic for runner 172.16.15.204
> - Log file: /tmp/ecediag-172.16.15.204-20250404-080202.log
> ++ Created tar output: /tmp/ecediag-172.16.15.204-20250404-080202.tar.gz
> ⚠ skipping collection of ECE metricbeat data (took: 0s)
> ⚠ skipping collection of API information for ECE and Elasticsearch (took: 0s)
> ✓ collected information on certificates (took: 221ms)
> ✓ collected information on client-forwarder connectivity (took: 368ms)
> ✓ collected ZooKeeper stats (took: 8.391s)
> ✓ collected system information (took: 14.263s)
> ✓ collected Docker info and logs (took: 18.976s)
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
**Sample response**

```bash
elastic@my-ece-director-host1:~$ ./ece-diagnostics run --disableApiCalls
- Configuring ECE home folder
    ✓ found /mnt/data/elastic for runner 172.16.15.204
- Log file: /tmp/ecediag-172.16.15.204-20250404-080202.log
++ Created tar output: /tmp/ecediag-172.16.15.204-20250404-080202.tar.gz
⚠ skipping collection of ECE metricbeat data (took: 0s)
⚠ skipping collection of API information for ECE and Elasticsearch (took: 0s)
✓ collected information on certificates (took: 221ms)
✓ collected information on client-forwarder connectivity (took: 368ms)
✓ collected ZooKeeper stats (took: 8.391s)
✓ collected system information (took: 14.263s)
✓ collected Docker info and logs (took: 18.976s)
```
````

> Once you collect the above essential information, reach out to [Elastic Support](/troubleshoot/index.md#contact-us) to identify the best ZK leader candidate.

Reviewer: this is repetitive and nested under the section, so I'd just remove it
```suggestion
```
